I need you to modify ONLY the NutriMatrix email OTP verification functionality. Do NOT break or change any existing registration, login, database, frontend, or OTP verification functionality.

First inspect the actual backend file/function that is currently sending the OTP email. Make sure you modify the ACTIVE code that is actually being used by the running backend, not an unused/duplicate email template.

REQUIREMENTS:

1. EMAIL SUBJECT
The current email subject is something like:
"631106 is your NutriMatrix verification code"

I do NOT want the OTP number in the subject.

Change the subject to exactly:

"NutriMatrix "

The OTP must appear only inside the email body.

2. EMAIL CONTENT
Make the email professional and welcoming, similar to a real application verification email.

Use this content:

Heading:
"Welcome to NutriMatrix!🌱"

Message:
"Thank you for registering with NutriMatrix. We're excited to have you with us! Please use the OTP below to verify your email address and complete your registration."

Display the 6-digit OTP clearly in a large highlighted box.

Below the OTP write:

"This code expires in 2 minutes. Please do not share this code with anyone."

Then write:

"If you did not create a NutriMatrix account, you can safely ignore this email."

At the bottom write:

"Thank you for choosing NutriMatrix."

"Make every choice count."

Keep the existing NutriMatrix green/healthy visual style. Make the email clean, professional, and readable in Gmail.

3. OTP EXPIRY
The OTP must actually expire after exactly 2 minutes = 120 seconds.

Do NOT only change the text in the email.

Change the backend/database OTP expiry logic so the generated OTP becomes invalid after 120 seconds.

Use one central configuration value, preferably:

const OTP_EXPIRY_SECONDS = 120

Make sure registration OTP creation, OTP verification, and resend OTP all use the same expiry value.

If the current database query uses MINUTE, SECOND, or milliseconds, update it correctly so the actual expiry is exactly 120 seconds.

4. RESEND OTP
The user must be able to request/resend a new OTP only after 120 seconds.

Use:

const OTP_RESEND_COOLDOWN_SECONDS = 120

The resend cooldown must actually be enforced by the backend.

Do not only change the frontend countdown.

5. RESEND OTP BEHAVIOR
When a new OTP is requested after the 120-second cooldown:

- Generate a new 6-digit OTP.
- Replace/invalidate the previous OTP.
- Set the new OTP expiry to 120 seconds from the time it was generated.
- Send the new OTP to the user's registered email.
- Start the 120-second resend cooldown again.

6. IMPORTANT
Search the entire backend project for:
- "is your NutriMatrix verification code"
- "verification code"
- "sendMail"
- "subject:"
- "OTP_EXPIRY"
- "expiresAt"
- "OTP"
- resend OTP logic

If there are multiple email templates or OTP functions, identify which one is actually used by the registration flow and modify the active one.

Do NOT leave an old subject such as:
"${otp} is your NutriMatrix verification code"

anywhere in the active registration OTP email code.

7. DO NOT CHANGE
Do NOT change:
- registration form fields
- login functionality
- password hashing
- MySQL structure unless absolutely required for the OTP expiry
- existing user data
- frontend design unrelated to OTP
- authentication flow
- email credentials/environment variables
- Gmail SMTP configuration

Only modify the OTP email subject/body, OTP expiry, and resend cooldown.

8. AFTER MAKING CHANGES
Check the final code and confirm:

EMAIL SUBJECT:
NutriMatrix - Verify Your Email

OTP EXPIRY:
120 seconds / 2 minutes

RESEND COOLDOWN:
120 seconds

The email body must say:
"This code expires in 2 minutes."

Finally, tell me exactly which file(s) and lines/functions you changed.

IMPORTANT:
Do not just tell me what to change. Actually inspect the project and implement the changes in the correct active backend code.